You feel attracted to the woman you feel you can give pleasureOR manIf you can't give what your heart normally gives to the people like you are attracted to you give then you don't have anything to give so you don't interact with them Like mother. Can't give her anything because what I give woman I love I can't give to her. What am I not giving to the woman I love I could also give to my mother? Beauty, presence, admiration, gratitude, apologiesHow can you create polarity with the people you don't feel attracted? What can grow in me that would feel attracted to people I don't feel attracted with currently with my current set of values and physical interest and potentiality of intimate connection due to previous reasons that would allow me to feel attracted to them?The woman I'm attracted to remind me to little monkey which reminds me to dragon Ball son goku little boy being funny and happy and aralle and atori and nobita and the caballeros defensors del be (fly), ranma, utena, SAKURA, SAILOR MOON, detectiu conan, trigun, love hina, one piece, shin Chan, orphen el bruixot, and capità planeta. It reminds me to the love and admiration I had connecting to these characters when I was connected to my love for life. They were the first reason to love and feel the values I define myself by I couldn't see at home.THEY remind me of hanuman monkey monk God shaolin monk using a stickKung fuTarzanFly. I was non binary I didn't know my sexNarutoBalance. Vibrance of presence and embodiment. Integrity, authenticity, rawness, simple, relaxed, safeReminds me of me when I was a chilNon binary, could be boy or girl, maybe I loved a boy?The jungle book wild free own rulerWild child purity authentic free adventurous and integralStrong armsUntamed wild free fit body open chest and strong shouldersFree body jumpy elastic like shaolin kung fu fightersUn tightness in the body, loose, agile, dexterity, speed, tall, strong gravity center and muscly shoulders long formed armsFlowy, embodied, water, adaptable, flexible emotionallyConfidence, focus, detached, analytic,It means aliveness, quick response, flowy,Generous, bright, uplifting, looking for elevating the people in front of them, 'uncaring almost distant when looking at things as how relaxed you are' -&gt deep confidence safety? Almost arrogance - detached - unfuckeable!!! :) this - nothing can fuck you over nothing alters you there's something valuable out of anything that happens - unaffected by the outside worldMonkey qualities as in fighter Monkey fighter monkey warrior Avatar the airbender with a staff-Monkeys are playful, curious, adaptive, intelligent, and trickery animals. They tend to live in groups with a clear hierarchy. Most people see them as easy-going, fun-loving animals – but monkeys have a lot more to offer as a guide. They are associated with higher knowledge and the transition from one state to another – a symbol of growth and change. It will remind you of the importance of enjoying life as it is and having fun, as well as how to adapt to any situation and grow from it. The monkey, as a spiritual animal, is a resourceful and balanced guide. It will bring fun, knowledge, and support to you. You will learn how to work in a group with unspoken rules, how to have fun like when you were a child, and how to achieve any goal you’ve set – because you can adapt to any situation.-Teo cómic books-----Tibetan boy monkYouthRadiant - explosive aura - hipnotising - magnetisingHonesty, truthfulness Colourful, lightfulness GoldPreciousness Attentive, reactive, swift, rapid, proactive, briskUntained pristine - spark of life in the eyesIn love with the world - curiosity - curious drive - openness - Explorer - Neutral, unjudgemental uncritical, Caring, candour (positive side inspired by naive)Heart centered, taking the outside world through the eyes of the heart. Breathing in the world through the heart as it comes through for the first time Balanced masculine and feminine not shamed to be outwardly both. Non binary outwardly - people shouldn't be able to differentiate what sex you are. Genderless! Pure. Child.Discover every moment as if it was new. No expectation on anything BeautyPlayfulness and wisdom togethetRefreshing SoftnessBraveryPage - messenger - servitude - offeringStraight Not giving upBrother. Little brotherPredisposedStrong will purity monk attribute, determined, structure, solid, disciplinedTibetan monk warriorMonkey warriorMandrill----The meaning of staffPower, leadership, guidance, magic, high class, altruistic authority This symbol also infers the union of opposites with the goal harmonization and transformation.--Arya game of thrones Strong will of livingRighteousness EqualityFearlessSteadineesRelentlessness---SonMy son