I can’t come with you one more time. The time is done, and I won’t show up again for you.I’m gone, left by the underworld, abandoned by my so called friends, left out by the ones called themselves my people.I was give. Away as a sacrifice and you looked at me into the eyes the moment I was gone, leaving nothing but empty space in and around me.You let me die again and again and no call was made and no love message was sent, leaving me astray, broken and lone, nothing else left to give.You had been the ones guiding me for very long, god knows how much you were to eat my soul, god knows how much you had been resenting me for being love.You replicated the rejection my parents once were, the pain my childhood had gone through.Now I’m gone, grown into a fully awaken father, and nothing is there to stop this.I can’t wait for you one more day, it’s time for me to fly, high into the world, leaving nothing but a stray of light alongside my path to lead you where you may go. Leaving is nothing but the wish for your growth, I am to love myself now and create a new life for myself.I asked you once, will you join me in this life, and you answered no. What can I say that I already haven’t said? I have been inviting you to be your best highest self and you have reluctantly and repeatedly let myself down.It’s time to look above and away, far fro, what I once was, and to wish for all that you may find the love you once asked for. I won’t be the person you wish me to be, I won’t lay down waiting to be stepped on again and again letting the universe run away from my heart, allowing my past to catch and pull me down.I am now freeing you from everything you once thought we’d do and be together, anything I had promised you and anyone else who was together with us. I am allowing myself to grow once again free from toxic patterns and pesticide soil, to fully become the Angel and higher being I once knew I was.I have spent many times thinking about the past, no more now.I leave and attain the awareness I’ve known for myself, growing into the fully conscious being I am, taking care of those who love and receive the gift that I am.Love you, thank you. Wish you to become the highest you’ve always been. With forever gratitude. Astral.   