Morning love reflectionsWHERE I don't choose to see the beauty in  someone I cannot see the beauty in life or in myself. Where I am not able to love Holy I'm not able to receive holy love. WHERE I'm unable to love like that I complain like I resent the beauty of others that I cannot love.My depression comes because of the rejection of beauty in everything and everyone. Lack of gratefulness is depression as I'm unable to love the obvious and the mundane in everyone and everything.I become resentful of life and bitter and shut down my presence in human form as it causes me pain to face that I am not in interest of truly transcending love and loving everything and everyone as there are fears.The fears are that I will always stay with ugly people. That I will love myself and I will not physically change so I will be ugly and unattractive.That I will content myself with any relationship and then universe and God will not take care of me in the way I would best want it like truly enjoying the beauty of someone and deep attraction and polarity. I would be abandoned and cursed and I would not realise it anymore because I would be tricked into love and I would love whatever or wherever I am so I would not have the need to change it or change myself in order to 'get' what I would truly desire.Deep inside I feel I am not to be with this person as I know there's a deeper beauty I am looking for yet the love I receive from this person is as good as it would be from any other. Yet I'm not allowing myself to truly receive it and enjoy it because I reject the person for my perception of lack of prettiness. Then I also project that this person is not spiritually as good as the person I felt in love spiritually.If I was in love I would be manipulated and happy and in that happiness I would not have the need to change anything anymore. That love would mean straight away that I would be abandoned by the universe as I'm giving up a truly great desire of mine which is a beautiful partner and love. I fear I'm tricking myself into contenting myself with the first person that loves me and that using this as a yoga practice into love is betraying the natural state of love and life. That at least 'i would learn to love' it's something I felt with Alice towards the end as I was stepping into dissolving my ego with her.Offering my true love and presence to someone I do not romantically love makes me love creation itself. It becomes a door for stepping into love as a state of being. It's beyond a partner. It becomes a higher state of consciousness.The hate I have to release for that to happen is what cleanses me and it will make thins easier as I keep releasing the hate as eventually only love will remain underneath.The fear of being happy and fulfilled and not needing anything anymore. To feel complete and surrender that the universe is going to give me exactly what I truly desire and that it won't stop only because I don't look for it or content with what I have with true love. It's as any other thing I speak about. Stop wanting and it will come. Feel whole with it and it will come.Its liberation and not slavery.I can wait and say that I will find the person that I will love and only then I will love or i can say to the universe and God OK I love here and now because I need nothing for me to be in love so I can love everyone and everyone.Fear here is that I am not to have a romantic relationship with Nina as she's more of a non romantic partner so becoming love myself will bring a truth forward thst I am not to be partners or maybe I would have to dissolve relationship constructs in a deeper way because if we feel like having sex why not? And if we feel to remain in that relationship why not?I was faced with adversity to transcend everything to find love. Not to find love outside of me because of someone but inside of me because of myself. To choose love instead of fear. To use anyone or anything to become love myself and not when I'm pleased with any part of my ego being fulfilled.I enter the last stage of ego dissolution. To love because I am and love where I am no matter the circumstances.TO not be afraid to love as when we're childs. To love indiscriminately and face the fears of loosing myself and my path and my life because of love. Is the ego extreme fear to stop me. Like sexuality and being raped. Because we were all raped away from love with the fear everyone projected on us. We lost the love we had for life as everyone hurt us an no one taught us that.Love without fear of being betrayed by God and the universe.Realising that life does not end there but that it begins there.That love is the first stage of life.Love myself in the other.