EmbodimentSound releaseMassageAccess barsBeing in the bodyEmotional release from the body not the energy Stuck energy that takes time to moveSeed has almost gonePhysical reality is following soonMeditate on letting go in the morning in order for eyes not to be glued and ask Nina to walk you through any fear about embodiment.Surrender and surrender until the movement comes from the energy release and not because you feel that that's the right way Sitting with the uncomfortable feeling without taking any avenue... Maybe it will be presence breathing meditation? Feeling empty?Feeling what the body would do and visualise it and not do it?• Ronald story being told not to go explore the country whilst people are naked in the expensive house someone pays with to isolate together with covid • It's bad. Because they don't care. They don't care to love the other one. Having sex is not loving the other one. Sex is hurting the other.Breathing through whatever movement comes is the practice and it is so I move a little bit my spine every day for energy to flow and push through old stuff• see yourself as an artists, a painter, a poet• Creating art in different times in different qualities and states of being• Write from all the places that carry emotional state, the down of London, the breakups, little stories that define who you are and what you were• Make stories finish and let them be who you were when you wrote them• You’re not a competed work and you’re not looking for an absolute truth• Let the work define you and yet it will only be an approximation of the truth• Let others describe you and decide who you are for them• Let them discuss their own shadows as they look up to you• If you don’t let others judge you by what you do and pretend to find an absolute truth about who you are by creating a dogma you will only be imposing who you want to be and not who you are• Show the rawness of you in all its facets• Show the struggle as a diary of your evolution like an artist evolves it’s style of painting or writing• Write as if no one who knows you would read you. Write as if the victims like you would find inspiration to be free like youWhat energy can I tune in for me to feel like making videos in instagram? What would I want to share?Without having to go cucú into movement or faces or light language.What would make me thrive for me to tune into it and speak about it?