IMPORTANT • • the world is the parents the reflection of them is physical reality• The hack is to choose to be in love. Choose to love• At every moment you can choose to love, the situation you are in, life, your lover, people you meet on the streets, • To trust that everything will be all right by you being you• Instead of being present physically in order to be free and enlightened maybe better if we focus on being releasing all the family members from our body, and also the spaces, other people and experiences with them...• Feel them and move the body in order to let the energy flow, become yourself as you recover those aspects of yourself• The alien energies and spiritual leaders• Your teachers • Release physically what these ideas make you feel no matter what fear judgement is there or not. Explore • Kriya yoga• Find the comfortable point that allows you to be slow with the process of moving so it becomes to be able to enjoy being present with yourself without having to go full on releasing tons of shit from big unseen trauma• Find some time to be present with yourself and flow slowly with the body and do kriya yoga and shaking the hands to release as you explore the psyche• You may find some more strong experiences if you can't manage to focus in loving and being present from a place of peace and surrender that it's all you and the deeper emotions and traumas from school need to be explored to recover who you are• As long as there is kriya and steady strong breathing and it doesn't create strain is good • If you go slow and do kriya slow then prob smaller In a form you can connect with the energy as it everyone were parts of you and you can speak telepathicaly with all human beings as reflections of you inner self the true form that you were when all these images were created. And being present with them allows you to let go one by one the biggest definition points of your current ego When I hold breath and move slowly means I'm • Some more absurd patterns may scare because they seem innofensive and then they are the door to the deepest questions like why do we question ourselves and then you receive a massive explosion of 'AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH' from you when you feared your mother• You have to stay more time with the primal ones• Make it a practice feel every family member for a minute and move to the next • Repeat everyday for a week• It will free you • Go slow• Take it easy• Learn to feel good in your body without having to be explosive with joy• Accept who you are• A being who loves • Spent a few minutes with this being as it gets used to be in your body and not fear you have to follow for the rest of the day or the life the qualities that this being is showing. It's not the day to become it. It's the day to observe it.• From far• Going slow and not breathing can also be a save point where you can rest so don't fear that because you don't breathe is a bad doing. The release of this is liberation.• Sometimes more slow until you begin to grasp what you're working with and then you can open it more and move faster and breath in syncrony• The goal is not to become anyone.• The goal. There is no goal.• The goal is to become used with the aspects of you that hurt from the past. Everything. Parents and experiences. Go one by one and become used with whoever you feel you are. Allow yourself to bring you to deeper places until you question the process and then raise above all to massively release all things without having to know about it.• And yet for so long• Because not knowing what you felt means you don't choose to know yourself•  you reject yourself • And you have to come back to loving yourself• And the people around you • And your life• And the people in your life• What would you do if you were in love with them?• And keep going deeper again until you find the wound that holds it, from macro to micro and to macro again• Thank you • Good night 🙏🏼❤️• every day you get a bit more familiar with who you truly are• And everyday you do a little thing a little moment of pleasure in presence as actively loving something in the world. And instead of complaining you stay present with it knowing you don't have to do anything and yet some moment you may be ready to do something, and without need or reason, it pours out of you. You don't have to do anything. You let it be as you observe it and in return it frees you.• you're not making it up • What passes through your mind can be real• The point is in not letting yourself think it's imagined and probably not real• Whatever comes up in your mind is your true reality and then if it changes its all right there's no problem I can change and evolve like paintings and poetry changes. Like an artist that grows it's style • In your form of love channeling you will evolve in style and personality and it does not invalidate who you were because no one cares only you believing you are your mother• Drop it. Let it go.• No one is looking.• Your mum is not here.• You can let it go.• She won't hurt you anymore.• I love you• Thank you• resist doing strong movements and you may find a deeper truth and a deeper release in a lighter firm like sounds and language • also connect to any form that has already made it and knows all of this and is free and lives and loves how he truly is. Free from parents. Free from conditioning. Free from loved ones. And from the unknown people. Feel into the places and people you don't know and let the stories come up and don't judge them or push them away, let the making up judgement go away by accepting you are right and that's your reality and you're learning to feel and be the world and figure yourself out.• teach yourself how to love. No one will bite you. You're safe. I love you.• You will be loved.• People will be nicer. Stop thinking and do it.• Be nicer.• Spend time with people and things. A few more seconds each time.• A few things at a time.• Spend a minute in the morning connecting eye gazing with your partner.• Love her.• Feel into her soul.• Ask permission to channel.• About her.• About how I feel inside.• How  much I love her.• Make a canva for it, for yourself.• Write the main commandments of how this work for you for you to be able to keep yourself straight • Read it once in the morning and once in the evening before sleep in a meditation pose.• And repeat this process for allowing slow kriya yoga before sleeping. To open the heart and relax the muscles and allow energy to flow into the body.• Once in the morning slow to fast and one in the evening slow flow and feel the healing in the form of shaking hands too• Much love• Thank you.• I love you.• Much love.• I love you.• Much love.• I love you.• Thank you.• Have a good night.• Much love• Thank you.• You can also hold breath on fast movements it's OK it's part of it as when fast with no movements or extreme movements.• All that you are is great.• All that you are is good.• You are all which you are in that very moment.• Keep coming back to it as you become yourself.• I love you.• You are you.• In every moment.• As you are.• An no one can hurt you.• You are you.• Keep shaking and moving things through your body never wirh a goal just to explore and have a good moment as you become present and accept being yourself in front of your mother.• Much love