Mobile App For Inner-Ascend‘Inner Ascend's mission is to empower &amp support Change Makers - Community Builders, Creators, Artists, Healers, space Holders that are birthing something New, unique, groundbreaking We envision a network of leaders, and trailblazers offline and online, benefiting from communities and spaces that allow them to thrive ‘‘We are the pioneers of a new conscious community, rising from the ashes of new-age spirituality. We seek a third way—a path that honours individual truth and cultural diversity, free from appropriation, and grounded in the sacredness of each person's journey.We are a sanctuary for the seekers, the healers, the artists, the dreamers—those who yearn for authentic connection and a sense of belonging. We nurture and support those who dare to be different and envision a world where everyone can thrive.’Book sessions, exchanges, marketplace.Only members can advertise or publish events, sessions, Free users or non-members can only view and take ‘guest actions’ despite if they have a profile (to be able to pay for goods or services)There is an internal credit system to pay for things (ultimately a token system), to be evolved if we decide to.So a session may cost 10 credits (100 euro) or whatever, credits will cost different depending on location and with A/B testingMembers need to go through an approval process (have to decide if they can just join or if we need to approve them) as ideally there would be less friction if they could just pay and be in the appWhen you are a ‘member,’ you can publish your events, exchange services or goods or both with other members or non-members, advertise locations and events, and be visible to be searched for by anyone in the app (normally exchanges would be between members, but can be thought of as the whole platform).There may be different tiers to the membership; in one, you’re advertised and can publish; in another, you form part of a support group that runs weekly and has some drip content and courses and meditations and tailored practices to you and other good things. Maybe the app has some sort of energy of the day for free for everyone, but with stronger in depth as you pay (like co-star).another tier would be to receive personalised support from the expert team (like a mentorship, where you also get 1-1 text support from one of the core team members to support your development) focused for increased business entrepreneurship but also relationships or in depth transformational work.The idea is the support group runs as a sort of a group where people support each other with channels, but it also is a network of creative disruptive professionals and artists in the theme of spiritual advancement. it is like an incubator. so one tier is be part of the incubator with group calls and group chats and another tier would be the incubator with 1-1 with different team membersyou can go through an approval process and you can get verified to have more extensive visibility in the appCan you tell me what features I am missing or complete my vision of this mobile app?