Need a space where to write ideasTeam -&gt slackCourse / community -&gt circle? Kajabi? Teachable?Notes / docs -&gt notionTraining -&gt scrivenerAssociation &amp circle.soTeams of 2• Ally &amp Natasha - Community Management• Karlyn &amp Nina -  Training• Astral &amp Nina -  Vision• Astral &amp Ally -  Operations• Karlyn &amp Ally - training• Nina &amp Ally - Social Media &amp Marketing &amp Mastermind• Natasha &amp Nina - Membership &amp Course Layouts &amp Mastermind• Karlyn &amp Astral -  Training• Astral &amp Natasha - business endeavour• Natasha &amp Karlyn - TrainingMentoring &amp Being Mentored? Like receiving support for making something and also giving support to working through something?Maybe this means is a sort of mentorship - like every 2 people one mentors another or helps them achieve goals - or from all connections 1 is mentor (natasha) and one is trainee ? Karlyn?Need a way to write ideas and not get them lost - a way to be able to redirect them to allNotion board? Board of ideas?Not asana?Tasks for Ally• Organise Notion• Update website to represent individuals 1:1 and why and how to book? Maybe we missed the direct calendly link thereTasks for Natasha• High End Programs or My Programs - How to do CEO business work - leveraging - organisationals &amp Astral• Reach out influencers - offer them double coaching or coaching programs for them to promote us to their people - both for increasing members (imagine a 1MIL asmr artist saying we offer holistic practices for 15 euros) how many would we have? GOD• NO FREE COMMUNITY -  YOU JOIN THE MEMBERSHIP -&gt if its circle clearly you have to pay to be part of itTasks for Karlyn• Tasks for Nina• Programs to courses &amp KarlynTasks for Me• Can someone help me to redact the fact that I do reiki - energy healing - therapy - family constellations - I want a calendal - promote my services? Should still this be within inner ascend or alone? Also energy scans - energy forecasts for the month (like I did in kofi- you can get a membership - to get the field of what you work - a classical psychic - and relationship readings and family scans and children constellations family parents - children pedriwatics -&gt medical intuitiveGeneral• I dont like WhatsApp (privacy concerns)• Use telegram for IA• The question really keeps being is the whole flow really making the practitioner training and then build around the community rather than making a community to which we offer a practitioner training?• Community means the seekers membership + practitioner training -&gt mastermind is the association you continue after or ‘parallel during’ the training to get experience and offer to real case studies, find your offering, etc etc??? Or a standalone offering from IA?• Big question is discord for the team or slack for the team?• Since we dont offer free member access, should we still use discord for community and squarespace for courses and training for now?• Also consider the original idea of the incubator - join mastermind - add a tier for 1-1 support or 1-1 content manager sort of assigning a team member for your project• Also if doing circle - is it one membership for events, another one for events + mastermind, another one thats mastermind + 1-1 support check and release your own newly done business? Like extra 1-1 support?• Need to know everyones age - everyones birth location - everyones chartWhat is inner ascend and what is me, do I have me offerings or all my offerings are inner ascendSpeak about inner ascend in inner ascend instagram storiesCheck asana board