Thank you for clarifying! While I cannot directly extract text from the image you provided, I can help you rewrite the sections based on the structure visible in the image and create a substitution for your DAO. Here’s a breakdown of how to replace the content in each visible section:1. Hero Section (Main Header)Current Text:Ecovillage connection: Earth, Nature, Art DAO - For People, For AllSubstitute:“NFT DAO for Ecovillage Creation: Building Communities, Empowering People, and Honoring Nature.”“Join our mission to decentralize land stewardship and community ownership through NFTs.”2. Subsections with FeaturesCurrent Text:Features like “A powerful style system,” “Easily responsive,” etc.Substitute:	•	“Decentralized Ownership: Participate in community decisions through our NFT-powered DAO.”	•	“Transparent Governance: Vote on projects, budgets, and policies with full transparency.”	•	“Sustainable Impact: Your participation directly supports regenerative land use and ecological design.”3. Example Code SectionCurrent Text:Snippets showing code examples.Substitute:Replace code snippets with a flow of how DAO smart contracts or wallet integration works. For instance:	•	Highlight wallet connection features.	•	Show how NFTs are tied to governance rights or community perks.Example:{  &quotmember&quot: &quotJohnDoe.eth&quot,  &quotvote&quot: &quotSupport Solar Panel Installation&quot,  &quotnftHolding&quot: 2}4. Smart Themes/Sub-Themes SectionCurrent Text:“Smart themes and sub-themes down to the component.”Substitute:“Empowering NFT Owners: Customizable roles and features for all DAO members.”“Your NFT, Your Voice: Each token grants unique governance and voting rights within our DAO ecosystem.”5. Easily Responsive SectionCurrent Text:Describes responsiveness features of the system.Substitute:“Dynamic Participation: Access and manage DAO features on any device, anywhere in the world.”“Seamless Experience: Intuitive interfaces for voting, discussions, and project tracking.”6. Automatically Fast SectionCurrent Text:Highlights speed and performance of code execution.Substitute:“Real-Time Decisions: Cast your vote or propose ideas instantly with blockchain-backed verification.”“Efficient Processes: DAO activities are fast, transparent, and secure.”7. Universal Animations SectionCurrent Text:Talks about animations and design effects.Substitute:“Interactive Dashboards: Visualize DAO metrics, proposals, and voting outcomes with ease.”“Engaging Features: Enjoy a beautifully designed platform that simplifies complex DAO operations.”8. Font System SectionCurrent Text:Describes expressive fonts with rhythm.Substitute:“Expressive Membership: Your NFT collection represents your contributions and influence within the DAO.”“Creative Design: A visually captivating experience for managing your role in the community.”9. Footer SectionCurrent Text:Links to Twitter, Discord, and GitHub.Substitute:Update with relevant DAO platform links:	•	Twitter: Follow us for updates on projects and governance.	•	Discord: Join discussions with fellow DAO members.	•	GitHub: Explore our smart contract code and contribute.Let me know if you’d like any part of this refined further or customized for a specific audience!