Soul star blue print Channeller Soul light blue chakra activationSoul blueprintHigh evolution consciousness Kundalini activationAwakening divine heart soul consciousnessLight Soul body activation I support people manifesting their realityI create a world of love an alignment I create divine heart consciousness Blue light soul consciousness Earth and soul light chakra activationCreating spiritual purposeAwakening divine light soul consciousness Sacred earth medicine healingBufo healingBufo coachConsciousness love Healing ChristChrist love consciousness Update healing polaritiesPolarity healingAdvanta vedanta healing Relationships coachHealing lifeHealing love heartLove awakening True source Womb healingFather archetype Father woundSelf loveAwakening one love consciousnessHealing the inner healerHealing archetypesHealing broken soul Healing soul fragmentsAkashaHealing the inner wisdomHealing the flame Love light soulLight body consciousness Releasing soul body contracts Healing physical ailmentHealing inner childHealing soul inner childHealing constellations Healing body organsHealing sex Healing sexual relationshipsHealing past present future selfHealing inner loveHealing self compassionQuantum jump &amp paradigm shifter healing Awakening divine Christ within Teachings of love and compassionBufo loveAwakening divine bufo love consciousness Organisational and structural constellationsFamily constellations Family healingReading the family knots and tiesReconnecting to your inner most innocenceDivine channellingOpening yourself to divine Christ consciousness Advanta vedantaNon dual therapyHealing the knots of time in infiniteness of spaceCreating soul changes Timeline shifterAwakening divine soul consciousnessOpening truth channelAwakening new realms of choiceCreating new possibilities Creating divine lasting changeNew crypto exchangesCommunity exchange Living in creation Exchange silente tokensExchange of new age time and skillCreating divine impactSoul align people Divine soul consciousness withinAwakening one true selfTransforming divines people's heartsAwakening to the one love soul consciousness Christ within Love awakeningInstagram soul messaging Creating healing sexual practices and discipline Engaging with creative impulsesHealing sexual distortionsHealing the inner martyr and abuser and victim and perpetrator and creation of sex abuserHealing karma bound soulsSoul light open channel Sexual disciplineGratitude regular discipline Journaling practice Awakening divine soul blue light consciousness withinSoul star chakra and earth star grounding Stablishing long lasting grounding meditation and healing practices Gratitude awakeningAwakening divine soul love within Gratitude and regular sexual healthy conduct discipline Self responsibility for your own energySoul align clients and familySoul tribe healingAwakening the inner soul align signature gift program Repatterning reprogramming misalignment and misconductTaking responsibility for one's actions and healing journey aheadAnd for the misalignment caused in the space for others healings and blockingPranayam healingPranayam breathwork sessionsI channel bufo consciousness I've been touched by the love of God I'm bipolar!!! Lol that's keyParlali als teus pors. Un cop fet marxenHealing scansReadingsOverall energy forecast healing workNext months soul alignment readings -I am a dedicated new age healer, committed to helping individuals elevate their spiritual consciousness and align with their true selves. My work involves connecting people with higher spiritual energies, allowing them to receive and interpret unique insights that can guide their life path. By activating key energy centers within the body, I enhance communication, spiritual connection, and grounding, which are essential for personal growth and well-being.Through my guidance, individuals can achieve higher states of awareness and understanding, facilitating the awakening of powerful internal energies that lead to spiritual enlightenment and profound personal growth. I nurture love and compassion within my clients, promoting a deep sense of inner peace and harmony. My practices aim to enhance overall spiritual and physical well-being by activating the inner light and energy within each person.I assist individuals in manifesting their desired reality, fostering a life filled with love and alignment. Using the power of divine love, I facilitate healing and spiritual growth, helping clients to overcome physical, emotional, and spiritual challenges. My deep healing practices utilize natural and sacred methods to promote profound healing and consciousness expansion.In addition to healing relationships and fostering self-love, I guide individuals on their personal healing journeys, supporting them in addressing various aspects of their lives. My holistic approach addresses physical ailments, emotional wounds, and spiritual misalignments, ensuring comprehensive healing. I help individuals experience profound personal transformations by facilitating shifts in their consciousness and energy.Opening channels to receive spiritual messages and guidance is a key aspect of my work. I promote a deeper understanding of oneness and unity, encouraging clients to embrace a more connected and harmonious way of living. My work extends to healing family dynamics and improving organizational harmony, ensuring that relationships and structures are balanced and healthy.I support healthy creative and sexual practices, addressing imbalances and promoting wellness in these areas. Regular practices of gratitude and self-discipline are encouraged to foster personal growth and well-being. I help individuals align with their true purpose, connecting them with like-minded communities and guiding them towards their highest potential.My sessions often include breathwork to facilitate deep relaxation and healing. I provide spiritual guidance through energy scans and readings, offering direction and insight to help clients navigate their spiritual journeys. My commitment is to create lasting change, awaken divine consciousness, and transform lives through love, compassion, and spiritual practices, ensuring that each individual can experience a profound connection with their true self and the world around them.-Earth guardianMake flyers with the texts you wroteQuotesTrainings