It's not because I know it. It's because I am it.To be able to go through the bliss out if small moments of enlightenment and push creativity you have to move your bodyA healthy body provides the vehicle to embody this energy of enlightenmentWhich is love, choosing to love and feel like everything is you and you create the universe as it is as you explore yourself through all the elements of the universe included the unknown parts and cold regionsChoosing to love is choosing the embrace your view of the world and convince others to cocreate through it and the more we are the more we can createWe are pockets of consciousness that awaken and go through their own conditioning until they become awareAnd then we correct each other as the world takes our formWe are the carriers of the lightWe bring people a new way of being. A new way of light.We can embrace the state of enlightenment and love and be present with each one of them.Love as the only answer to what is and be the one who is it.You are having small pockets of enlightenment Work out your body and breathe deepYou are trying to be here as much as possible and then unfold physically the rest of the time Make space for itPrepare yourself for what's to comeEnlightenment begins when you can contain it within and move around and be yourselfNot so much laying down and during meditationOther people know this energy but they use it physically without clearing themselves so they can't push out and up loveAfter my great clean up of emotions and trauma I can now use the physical energy to work through the joy and the positive things and allow that joy and happiness to flow through me as I become itAs I become loveThat's the goal of enlightenment If it has oneAnd then look up into the stars and love life as whatever I want the universe to be likeMuch love-I am a 14 year old living at home with my parentsI am a 18-19-20 year old living in the flat without having my parents around and rebelling in being lateAnd that's itI am a smaller 3 year old enlightened beingI am a small year old being a sponge and getting all the nasty shit you can get from your parents in a very micro stateAll the hates and resentment from all the life are passed down on the first year.All the nuances and rotten bits and bobs from sex and depreciation and careless towards her, rotten disgusting putrefact older bits of human evolution and forgotten putrefact aspects of ourselves deep rape and fear and killingI have the emotions of the video games y played. Final Fantasy &amp metal gear solid 3All those emotions that made me feel like pain had to be endured in order to succeedThat's still playing out in my quest for being a heroI still want to be a heroEven the moments of more satisfaction can feel like good endings in movies that make you feel happy and fulfilled and yet programes to be as they are just as much as your parents and childhoodEach food you eat and the way you eat is exactly as you felt back then, your current emotional state.That's why they say be present. When you are present you come from a new way of being that you haven't been before.And yet you become all parts of it and get sucked in a negative spiral into your own matrix of parallel universe by how you've been and who you are now and how you take things and life.How you act in moments of comfort food you are playing exactly who you were and in these moments you want yo bring awareness and begin to change and face each uncomfortability because the gifts may be opening on the other side and because it's 'too overwhelming' we go to food not to face growth. Yet this habit of bypassing comes from when you're 14.How you eat any chocolate toast is how you bypassed when you were a child. Behind every addiction there's a primordial wound. Something you hide from behind the addiction, sugar, in each form, each addiction on each product matters, and whay you ran away from, and how to become part of it again.How they conditioned to eat became who you are todayHow you didn't eat is how the world is scaryHow you don't trust to lick your fingers or feel wet liquids on your hand is how your parents projected their shit onto you when you were a childHow you can reconnect with how you eat and be authentic and listen and give yourself permission to cook you will begin to go back to this aspect of yourself.The fact that I don't cook and I do the dishwasher is how my parents wereI am all about them I have to break free from thisFeel myself as love and become one with who I am.I am love.I amHow I reject food or don't choose it before sugar is because all the bad relation with mum was because of food!I love potatoes I always had a good time with mum eatin potatoesTomato? No! Horrible! And cucumber? Worse!So all those types of foods I will not decide to choose from before I feel hungry and want to eat good healthy food. The only options are bread and peanut butter and chocolate spread because those moments of pleasure I had them alone and it's like masturbstion as it gives a short explosion of orgasm.And yet how I was treated defines how I eat and how I deal with the world and personal relationships.Change one and change all.Where can you being to being more presence and stillness as you become yourself into the day?Take the day as a day you have to become yourself as being present.I mean could you choose one day and try for tomorrow only I'll be present with me and I'll do what it feel without questioning the method and meditating about it.Just be it.Challenge for 1 day to bring awareness to different parts of your life through your day.And how our parents were un present with your other parent it's how you don't care about your partner Connect into the one who knows and is. Let it be. Become him. Become one.because of how hungry you were before you had food and you can cook it’s how you snuggle you can't cook