I wish I would love myselfIt would make things do much easierTo take care of my body, my health, my life. To hold myself for the trauma that was caused on me. To love myself, Nina and LyraTo be a man of honorTo hold myself responsible for the pain and the heart break I have sufferedI am lovableI am light fullI take careI love othersI love my wifeI can call her my wifeShe’s the angel in my healingThank you for being hereIm sorry I was afraid of telling g you how I love youI love you(Next time think u want to speak about sex and u will speak about love)Like when we made loveIt was so great how you went and asked for the pictures. I wish we’d message more. Im sorry for having disrespected youIt’s not great to hold u and try to take from you . I wish u can forgive me and I Im sorry mumI wasn’t a hard child but i was definitely having a difficult experienceI loved you and u hurt me and im sorry I wasn’t able to hold u but I have to release u from thisMum im sorry please forgive me thank u I love uWhat u did u did and I can’t make it go but it wasn’t right and u have to be told that. I wasn’t a child to be abused of that form, sexually harassed, im sorry it happened to you and I wish you can work it out with your father who did it. Im sorry grandpa. Im sorry father. I wasn’t there. I wasn’t made to be there. O have a wife and I have to be with her when it’s required and it was definitely not an easy thing g to know what to do. I love myself and I love Lyra.Lyra is the best thy ever happened in my lifePlease forgive me for what I’ve done. Im sorry Christ consciousness, sera, Richard Rudd (i can retiren to the prayer) ama, im sorry, im sorry i ask you for healing and support when things are very hard and then i let it be. O guess that’s what my mum suffered, she lost angel, which i feel hes here, and i cant face talking to him. He was sex abuser also, we all were, he hurt my parents, he was bad, he didn’t take care. I love u, im sorryPlease forgive me thank you i love uPlease im sorry. I can hear u. I will tell my mum i can heal you and let go of the past, lwarn to know more about my mum feelings, healthy , connectionIm sorry body, thank u body, for going through these circumstàncies and still deliver, for still deliverant, being healthy, oh my dear, çover, thank you, i love my body, i am sorry for letting u go into starvation, i was afraid i would be seen as pain, i didn’t care for Amanda but i cared the image she made me feel about myself.Thanks Amanda, i feel u, i wish we would be im sorry i Broke up with u, that was heart aching to both partiesI wish u are wellLeoMary Claire im sorry i took Thing i truly feel specially about for feeling the pain -all the coke mdma thing of amortint while bj, having sex , etcI was raped when i overdose of mdma in the past, i was raped by a prostituir and i was Robbed by guys, also Marcos, he was an u grateful, he lied to me, i loved Irene and he made me believeSol veig, im sorry, i wasn’t there, please forgive meI love uThank uPlease let me be myself, it was harsh, i was attached to tou, i did rape u, i did t know, i thought u loved to be raped. Women crave for abuseI can find women in my l’OGE who Don’t need abuse i can love them and heal my relationship with ninaNina is my partner ny father my mother and my wife, nina is god, nina is my queenI love uI wish to heal, to receive, to smend, to heal my relationship with my ground, to ground, to grow. Im sorry i abused my sister, that wasn’t niceIm sorry Núria for not respectant ur private spaceSomething made me be very sexualMY mum raped meThere’s no moreSomeone didAnd i have to ask herMY mumWhat were u thinking of when growing up, i was 10,11 Im sorry i brole us apartI wasn’t going to surviveThank uI love uIm a survivorFrom deep catàrtic rape and abuseAhoBlesaLeeThanksI let u goI love uThank uThat was nice and not nice, i was confused, im Deeply sorry i took nina as an excuse to hurt u, i wanted to hold u, to create, heal, but i was loving abuseI wish u can healIf u need to speak, maybe i do, about the sex we had, to let it be and clear, it wasn’t nice, im sorry i I almost wanted to came in youI was afeaod and also was upset i didn’tLike why is my seed not goodI want my seed in many womenIt’s not unnaturalI like it sexu and if u feel in abuse and trauma bases pain u also want me to do itAnd what if i Don’t feel the same way i used toI love ninaAnd i Don’t want to be how i wasI love uThank uI release uLyra please forgive me i wasn’t sure what i was doing, which means or has been done to meIm traumatismes about sexneed a sex trauma theespistA dearmorerAnd relationship healingTo over come thisI love u babbYou are the love of my you areI cant believe i let this passMY mimIm loving uThank u for having neThanks to you this is possible, my life is real, i love u, thank u for giving birth to me, for carryng me for 9 months, for being When have u not been honest with me, lies with dad? When have u not chested? When did u like other people? DadI am support if u in your life choices, despite this, i have been very influències by the fact u Watching porn múltiple timesDadWhat the fuck? Are u in love? Did u ever were, what the fuck? How did u make it through your bank? Thank i for the oportunitat provoded , i would have still loved to have more of youNúria gràcies per tot, thank you for the torreSorry this happened to touIf u would like to speak to anyone who has passed u can do itEveryone loves uIm sorry Jaume killed himselfHe wasn’t understoodHe paved the roadIm so hurt he did dad and i feel guilt because i feel upset becsuse the House where i spent so much time is goneMy torreSanta olivaWtf Carla mirandesWtf JordiLaura másclans Laura asanI was a mean resentful assholeI'm sorryI wasn't doing it in purposeRuth Fuck u I'm better off without uU were a lastre a difficult path, holding meI'm sorry I tried to reach out I wish we'd make loveAnd ud know what we missedIt hurtsStillI was going there with l96 that was very painfulI loved uU were the first oneJ were the real oneLyra set the stage, paved the roadMy god is my childHow can I be more of what my child needs me? What can I do everyday? How can I?Im sorry for breaking promises, Laura I lied, I have been lying without knowing , I'm a Cheater, I can change it I can be honest about thingsNina is holding me nina won't leave me nina is my life sacred partner unionAnd I don't love her, because love is not for mortals, I honor her, devote to her, to my queen, for she's the most amazing person in my life, whose giving, caring, and fierce, and she pays the price, Who am I today that's going to rock the word?I need an ista or sthSharin, would she share with me how it was to make love to others and still stay in medicine aligned? How to mix sacred arts and love making, what's dark sexmagic and maybe she's happy to explain. To me, make a connection, maybe they are friends, maybe they are space holders who have taken a very importand risk, how to forgive myself,how did she heal the rape, how she keeps her relationship in sacred union.Maybe she can reach me about relationships how to love myself and take more care of myselfAnd a psychiatrist for nothing, maybe some anxiety medicine e, something so I don't feel like doing mdma and coke all the time, something like ketamine?Sorry man, next time, love uAlicia thank u for the work, I apologise for the relationship I had with the medicine and projected on uI'm not a rapist I wasEmma thank yMary weed I'm sorry truly abused u and it was fun but I cant do the same I need supportBufoLove uThank uWork through meI forgive myself I forgive uI can'tLloyd apologies I was confused, love u as my brother,love our relationship Let's be friendsLet's make nice lAkalAkalAkalMy grandpa passed and I wasnt relatingOR Akal Akal Akal I was meant to find someoneAliceAnd tell her we'd meetSorry ur father, I can have call if I leave home,How can I tell nina I don't love her the same way I used toI love myselfNot herI then can love herStop worrying for her Heal ur self first Be buddhaBe christMake groupsLove menHey bud  sorry I wasn't well grounded and I was afraid of deep Connection, maybe reach céline bf? Have a call? Maybe u get to have something g with these,a project, not like with InésLovePeace out