My mentorship cycles are nothing like what I've seen around.The goal of these cycles is not only for you to clear as much trauma as possible but also for you to learn the principles of how these energetic work, so you get to do the work on your own, independent from any other facilitator, including me.I have developed my own method and framework over the past 2 years, with an accumulated transformation and wisdom from the past 6 years.These are the teachings that freed me from 'healing modalities' like Theta Healing, Access Consciousness, Kundalini Yoga, and many other 'holistic practices' that never really got me out of my depression.My approach is an integrated group of spiritual concepts closely related to the most advanced quantum discoveries, where God meets science, that will allow for your own magic to flourish through, instead of following the given prescription of the so-called 'healing modalities' out there, where the only goal is for you to marry each modality and follow through all their master trainings.I tell you, after doing all these so-called master trainings, still had the same issues as when I began, and I still required my teachers to sort me out on my most challenging patterns.With me, all of this goes away. My goal is for you to learn to free yourself from all your limitations, by yourself, with a framework that doesn't have loose ends, a work of try &amp error for more than 2 years, constantly working to free myself from all darkness in a way that no matter what the next challenge would be, I would keep myself up and align myself to the next truth I would be ready to be aligned with.It is a highly activating process, and will mostly change your life forever, in more ways than you are probably aware of. Sometimes you might regret having asked for change because once the change is there, it will open you up to dimensions of being you never knew they were there.These cycles are tailored to you, channelled by source, where we choose for how long we work, how the work unfolds, what practices and exercises for you to bring home, and continuous support through text/voice.I’m looking forward to knowing from you &lt3