Work in ProgressMedicine is not a magic pill . Integration work is necessary. Constant self reflection and shadow work is required. This is a basic aspect of our human experience. We naturally heal. The deal is to direct it towards what’s best to have relevant and steady change.EgoWants you to stay safe. Change is risky. Change is unsafe. Ego wants to control and feel under control and judges its own approach and position.• Talking to your shadow. What is it there for? What’s it teaching me? What’s it has to say? How can I change it or fix it?• Not sitting with the emotions it will accumulate stuff until something in front of us breaks in order for us to self reflectDiggingDigging is the process of going deeper into the meaning of a trigger/trauma until there’s nothing more to release.There are different methods to go deeper into one’s psyche. • Digging• Opening questions• Light/Dark meditation• Journaling• Emotional release• Visualisation• Sound• Embodying the traumaAsk questions• what, who, when, where• Don’t ever ask why• VisionYou see and know what’s going to happen before it happens. When we don’t realise this we want things to be earlier than they are meant and that may result in people getting hurt because of hidden agendas. Non attachment. What’s yours will come when it’s the right time.Ask yourself• How do you spend your free time?• How do you deal with food?• How are you taking care of yourself?• What’s changed?Interesting concepts• radical acceptance • Compassionate witnessing• Non attachment• Enlightenment• Non violent communication• Radical honesty• Gestation period• Follow JoyWhen what you do you can do with joy then that’s aligned with you. If not, it’s pushingBe here, nowKeep coming back to the reality of your essence. Keep coming back to your centre. Loving awareness. Infinite wisdom. Formless form. Divine consciousness.Find pockets of meditation / observation each day. The more often the better. 1 minute is enough.Be regular.Today won’t be given back anymore. Enjoy every step. All is for a reason. Your success and glory will come, and is best we enjoy each different stage of processes and life.EntitiesThey are a reflection of yourself specially for things you cannot comprehend unless you separate yourself from the human experience and being easier to cope with trauma with the perspective of entities.Patience, time pays up• How long can your process be and for you to remain focused working through it?• What would it need to change in order for you to be able to stay resilient during your processes and long processes?• What are you ‘fighting’ for?• What’s your end goal?• What’s your purpose?• What does it need to be in the future for us to be able to go through every initiation I’m going through without giving up?• Who am I? Truly?• What would happen if you could go and endure all challenges and never get caught up anymore in processes where you’re unconscious? What if you never had to complain again about how hard is it? Even if it’s still that or even more hard, what if you wouldn’t be able or wanted to complain?Learn to trust yourselfTrust yourself, even if you’re wrong. Is better to get used to not let down yourself by distrusting than getting something wrong. What you do more often is what its change would trigger the biggest healingEveryday challenges and triggers, what can be found in routine, are the most deep triggers and wounds we have. Whatever you can clear or heal that happens a few times a day, week, or month, will ultimately free you from a lot of weight and suffering.Be proactive, target big issues that are relating to different life aspects.Learn to discern what is you and what is an old aspect of you.There are hundreds if not thousands of constellations within you. Different aspects with thousand of different little and bigger traumas. Different stories.Make sure you know how to compass yourself. What your North is. What Anchors are.Who is speaking now? Who’s taking this decision? Who’s afraid? Who’s wanting to run away?Spend time with all your inner ‘child’s’Not only child, teen, adult, parent, etc