in my other was, I don't know what to say in my power by thought about what does it mean when people will say, Oh, you're in your power, you're in your power. I think you're starting to realise in your power, as far as I understand, in my interpretation of in your power means You are either in your authentic power in your authentic self, or you are aware of what it is now. And you're developing and embodying it as, as time goes on. And so what I've been able to uncover, which was, I think one of the most beautiful finding was that my natural essence, is confidence. So use that word, it's just my natural essence. anxiousness and fear and all the rest of it. So for me now, I think we're at a good place. But that's about it. For me, it's about really now embodying that next level, where your body is, in your mind is in attunement, with your essence, which is this sense of playfulness, a sense of confidence, and I think I want to have more fun now, I think I'm very well, I want to have a bit more fun. And, and you think life as serious as work is needs to be serious. But when I have a bit more fun, the more enjoyment andPurely that so yeah, man, I mean, first of all, I would like to thank you as well from the heart because without your process without working with you, or No, I wouldn't be where I'm at now. There's no way I wouldn't have known how to get there. So thank you for putting up the blueprint for me thank you for showing me the map. And thank the angels or whatever you seem to be able to channel that is above and beyond my understanding. But our meeting was divine. Clearly everything that we talked about in the beginning is happening now.You know, I know that at the beginning I was in a dark place but it's happening so thank you for opening me up to my prosperity in many things thank you so not so now it's about Yeah, now it's about upgrading the brain and stuff I don't know what ideas you have about that.And I guess being the best actor I can be being the best I can be Yeah, absolutely love it. Is there anybody in competence to be honest with you, that's why when I talk to you about which is nice, because everything else has been about you know, like, the whole the story, all the base, all the pain, all the wounds. So now we just even though my confidence has come back a lot. It's like I want to fully recover this.Because I'm a leader. You know, I'm a leader of, of, of people. And I know I am I know, I know by my journey, I will have an impact in that recovery for Every that is miss importantbut it's always worth now. Yeah, it's