free2 posts / services maybe its a direct barter community with the option of money? and money transactions have a 5% fee?barter community 1 to 1service exchangeevents platformcan sell or exchange servicesbarter communitywith reviewstzolkin day calendar and energy of the dayService ExchangeCollaboration RequestsEvent PlatformVenue Listings1. Wellness &amp Healing  2. Coaching &amp Mentorship  3. Creative &amp Arts Services  4. Permaculture &amp Sustainability  5. Home &amp Practical Services  6. Education &amp Workshops  7. Goods &amp Artisanal Products (Optional)service exchange barter &amp creditsbarter - pay in credits (free) 1-2 offeringsevent platform (premium)BARTER, CREDITS, or CASH all in onecan buy credits which gives you a discountcan barter, directly, for FREEor can pay CASH directly on the credits translation to your currencyCASH for premium ONLYonly 2 offerings, otherwise PAIDPREMIUM users can select a % 70/30 between credits and cash (or maybe ALL?)))ALLOW transformation of credits to CASH when paying to someone who lists in moneyWITHEVENT TICKETINGevents in cash (as requires PREMIUM model)!!!!cool!!!!PREMIUM convert credits into cashpremium allow to receive a credit payment transformed into cash (with fees)premium allows for 70/30 credit/cashexchange platform (swap) with payments in cashpremium can get paid in credits (who convert to cash) + remainder in buying credits (whon convert to cash)so maybe premium is simply gives u the ability to convert credits to cash? so keep all transactions in credit, but premium allows u to take some monthly earnings under a max with a particular ratio (so maybe its more than 5%)exchange platform in barter, credits, and premium users can convert to cashvenue listingcollaboration exchangeevent platform works with credits but for the seller it will transform to cash or will be able to cash out part of the thingcollaboration requests or answers could cost credits credit based economy with cash out for premiumsbarter could be only for free users, and payments could be for premium usersbarter tab (1-1, credits)booking (premium, cash)venue listings for community living, allow conscious people to find about communities where to goapp idea, all transactions are in fiat, unless you are a member, which means u can use credits,servicesexchangevenue location - living accomodation - residency - community living spaceevents bookingsretreatsaccomodation—0-basically im creating a platform to direct local communities with their local token or credit currency, book events, from the communitiesvenue managementsell to communities for a small feeevery time the community makes money by selling tickets, retreats, etc, managing their events and retreats, accessing a global network of people and marketing online that u can always find venues and their offerings within this mobile appi sell an app to local spaces to advertise their conscious venues, instead of finding a stupid karma community in asheville in airbnb, i look conscious community mobile app into all venues who offer accomodation, retreats, events, platforms, etc, and thats also for yoga studios, kirtan places, and whatever other spaces that are hostable for events and or retreatsand maybe maybe it has nothing to do with 1-1 practitioners selling or servicesits focused on community spaces and living and residencies and living spacesits a venue event level community space to book spaces for staying (conscious airbnb) or events / retreatsconscious experiencesmaybe not even cacao ceremony but actually bigger experiencesits for retreat spaces to navigate their events and reach a bigger audienceairbnb for healer retreatsplatform to advertise your retreats and spacesretreats, events, workshops, within spaces and individuals event promotionsLOLexchange of services barter 1-1collaboration platform—DAO economy will call investors incrypto investorland investors crypto—Two Types of Practitioners:	1.	Basic Practitioners:	•	They may use credits instead of tokens.	•	They don’t have to interact directly with the DAO or tokens unless they choose to.	•	They get paid in credits or fiat for their services (depending on the payment method the client uses).	•	If they want to cash out, they either convert credits to cash (if they’re premium members) or just get paid in fiat for services provided to outsiders.	2.	Advanced Practitioners (DAO Users):	•	These practitioners are more involved with the DAO, staking tokens, and participating in governance.	•	They earn tokens directly (instead of credits), and can stake them for better visibility, discounts, or even to govern the platform (e.g., vote on key decisions).	•	Steve Jobs Philosophy: These advanced features are optional and only unlocked when the practitioner is ready for it—making it simple for beginners, but powerful for advanced users.