• Self honestyStop pretending to be who you are notGive yourself a break of fitting in with not 100%s yes intentions Regather all the energy that you spread because of fears of not being good enough or missing out or Being rejected etc• You only see your own version of realityWhich one you want it to be? What approach you want to it? What mindset? You want to support yourself thru the view of reality or disempower and put yourself down thru it?Inside outside. Above below. Empowered vs victim. Can change things or sways around like in the ocean?• Doing vs beingForcing vs allowing. Mind saying you're not enough if you don't do and all other  fears around this vs truly feeling inspired and motivated to deliver something for the own love and sake of it. No hidden intentions. If its not for the love of it there's shadow work to do• You can't avoid what is for youDivine timing. Natural body force leading you towards what's right for you. Do you really choose what you choose or it chose you? Did it just happen? You found that the most important choices could you have avoided them? You can’t avoid but you can prepare.• Shadow work. Intense. Constant. Deliberate. How much are you for your full potential? Less than full potential means slavery to the past and loss of freedom. The right time is now. It's when it's arisen. You'll ve given everything you can take on at the same time. If its too much it's still the right amount. If its too little it's the right amount. You can deal with everything you have in your plate St any given time and St the most you can use the overwhelm to go even deeper into surrendering and releasing. That's the universe you choose to live in. all triggers will come there as they see your commitment to your process and yourself. How fast you want to go thru it's also chosen by your higher self. Give yourself full it's worth it. Better to reach heaven soon and spend your retirement there than arriving right before the end of your life. Start living you dream life soon not in a decade.• Observe without an opinion. Wherever there's an opinion there's a pain and a resistance to what is