Main issueI don't need my partner to heal meI'm the main character of my life and I have to live as if there's rhe camera shooting at me. Am I happy with the image I see?I'm so merged wirh my partner I don't take her as a camera. Between both I exist and she doesn't.She's an extension of me that's there to make sure I can take care of myself.The moment I decide I take care of myself I live as if I had no partner and yet I do have a partner that day I act as if I'm free from the chains of the past, my mum, my anger and my revenge for al the pain that I'm now giving back testing my partner if she loves me enough, so much she knows more than I what my issue is.And i won't be angry at my partner for their challenges, I won't push my healings on them because I'll love them as they are and if I see a limitation it will be up to them to tell me or i will ask if they want my contribution instead of pushing up their mouth forcing them at any moment I see it due to my fear that if I don't do it then they are not good enough to make sure I heal. And if I don't heal then what's the point but if I can heal myself then I don't need them.See the circling?What am I so scared about?How can I lead myself there or let my partner know what I need of her in order to be more embodied?It goes back to being witnessed, stretching, exercising, maybe some as easier than other and will allow more embodiment to come first before bigger steps?I am afraid of falling in love so much I'm only having sex with my partner all the time like when I was a teenager? OK what happened there?Speak my love that my partner will fall in love so much that I will know I can't every scape, I'm trapped, like when I speak my true love for my partner then I can't never refrain or go back or change, and it's like a chain that will not let me be myself with anyone else.I will have to take so much time for myself that my partner will think I don't care about her.What if I make a 2 hour practice where I practice embodiment and let anything that has to come out?And so the rest of the day I can continue with slight fears and anxieties and I can notice and write them down and bring them to the next embodiment practice.So the practice doesn't absorv me just because it seems os the right one. The practice is whatever it needs to be when I let it be a practice.Not a practice that takes over any time because I have a random thought there and that doesn't follow certain kind of structure.Practice of being seen from 3rd person and act as if you were witnessing. Like if you were a sim. Will that slow down and take more time for things around you and act more like you're in a beautiful movie?