I am hearing the calling.From all over people are telling me they are struggling.They are struggling with emotional pain, physical pain, illness, and loss of family or friends.I am also struggling, and a lot. In my personal relationship.I am playing the same pattern again and again and when I manage to narrow it down it's gone again.I've been working constantly in myself for more than 3 years and I feel like I'm struggling like in the first day.It doesn't matter how much work I've done, the patterns keep coming up in a form you don't know and camouflage themselves in forms that seem healthy. And they are not.The patterns hide behind the patterns and because you're not enlightened whatever breakthrough you've had it builds an ego and then other patterns hide behind this ego and you think you've sorted something out and yet you've transferred and reduced the pattern.It's never easy to find out where you thought it was you it wasn't you.It doesn't get any easier.And this is the reason I'm reaching out.I'm going to come out and hold space for all of you. Donation based.I am going to come out and hold a space for all of us to come together and share our pains and challenges and bring up solutions.It's time we come all together instead of being on on one and hiding behind the veils that our life is not okay.Our life is not okay.Relationships seem perfect in the lense of Instagram. And so do coaches, and healers, and spiritual teachers.They all seem fine but no they are not.They are screaming for help and no one is answering.We have been made believe we have to show up with a smile and an image that holds the power to sell to others. To seem like we're perfect so others will buy from us.Not anymore. Instagram is dying. The old paradigm is dying.We're all struggling. We're all part of a collective human ego death. We're all being forced to leave behind all sorts of patterns and wounds that have defined our very existence and the modern world as we see it now.The New Age Spiritual Healing is dying. It has to.It has to many hidden agendas and toxic behaviours.We've all been made believe that financial freedom is the goal and so spiritual healing should be paid like anything else.Not anymore.Our gift is a gift for a reason and should be shared as a gift.The universe will make itself for you to receive your exchange.Your presence is a gift.Your hearing is a gift.Your beingness is a gift.Join me every week for a self realisation journey together.I will give everything I have of me. And in exchange, you will be present with yourself and will find the right way to feel at peace with yourself that the fair exchange has been done.If you don't have financial means shout out. If you don't have much to share, shout out.Share accordingly to your means. Make it meaningful.If you share and think it's a steal, you will be stealing yourself.Make a fair contribution in order for you to receive accordingly. Anything counts.Show up. Ready to be. Ready to release. Ready to transform. Ready to unlearn.I will be every week showing up for you and everyone that needs support in these challenging times.I will be channelling the space that we all create, I will heal people that need to be healed. I will guide people that need to be guided.I will teach everything I know of healing and emotional release.I call upon you because I need you. Because I become better of myself when you're here. Because when you here I fee your energy and I can translate it.You make me better because you force me to show up as the better version of myself.You make me better because when you show up with your light I can reflect it to everyone.This is a space of experience, where we all bring our souls full of wisdom and teach by presence.I will be a channel and share what is needed for all of us to go through this ego death we're al going through.I need you as much as you need us.We all can do it. Together.The time of separation has reached an end.Let's take our power back.Let's make it count.-The journey is going to be organic, erratic, ready to evolve and extremely transformative.We'll meet weekly, every Thursday, for 2 hours. I will be open for questions, requests, and we will discuss healing and self liberation.Will I see you there?Much love x-I guide them through a journey of coming back to themselves and healing the aspects of them.Meditation journey to bring self awareness and self enquiry and bringing healing into their bodies and spiritual selves.Guiding them through a visualisation where they can let go of their story and release their trauma through finding the truth of themselves.-An hour dropping experience into the true self to let go, unwind, recharge, and heal.Come ready to merge with the infinite. To become one with stillness. To feel the impermanence of time through your heart.