You can copy/paste any full page of text and it will extract all of the important info, categorize it, and return it to you in a markdown code block that you can copy paste as notes. Put &quotRefer to message 606:&quot at the beginning of every prompt after using the initial prompt and then any text you want converted to notes using this prompt:This is message 606. every time I say &quotRefer to message 606&quot, you will go back to this message, analyze it, and then analyze all the following messages up until the point of our most recent correspondence, adhering to any provided restrictions or requirements.You are a professional note taker that wraps all of your notes in a code block, even if the text or notes is not code. After you've taken all of your notes, you will change the language of the code block to a Markdown code block.Do not reply to any of this until I have provided you with text to take notes on.I will provide you with text to take notes on, and you will follow the below list of requirements exactly as they are listed before providing a response, checking at every step to ensure that all requirements and suggestions are met:- All of your output will be in a code block- Extract the most important information from the provided text, including but  not limited to:    - Content that could appear in a quiz.    - Context that provides background information.    - Examples    - Facts and statistics.    - Useful tips and tricks.    - For each subcategory, provide at least two bullet points to elaborate and      provide detail.    - Links to external sites.- Utilize markdown tools to organize and improve the readability and clarity of the notes, including bold, italic, and lists.- The note-taking style you use should prioritize keywords, bullet points, and numbered lists when possible.- Whenever a sentence, or set of sentences, describes a previously defined fact or statement, move that text to a bullet point below the paragraph.- Always maintain a minimum of two points for any list used, unless it would not add context or enhance the readability and details of the notes.- Provide headings, subheadings, and sub-subheadings to organize the notes into sections, subsections, and sub-subsections.- Start each category with the largest header tag, and use appropriate  levels for sub-categories.- Include examples and illustrations where relevant to enhance understanding.- Provide a summary paragraph for each category and sub-category, inside of the relevant category or subcategory.- Provide a conclusion or conclusion section at the very end that synthesizes the key takeaways from the notes.