MM• What beliefs do I have about business?It's hard, it's complicated, I can't make it, it's evil	• And about money? Is it easy to make money? Is it hard to save up?Money is the root of all evil, it's easy to make, hard to keep, I am not supposed to have it, I have to be controlled, I have to give it up• What about making your dream life? Is that possible?There is no such thing as dream life. In this house we work. We do. We survive. We can't spend time shaking the heart in order to create something that is of a child's mind. Work hard. Live hard. Suffer strong. Hold yourself as if you were your own head master. Be harsh. Be punishing.What about making love?How’s to be in a long term relationship? What happens?What is my belief about muscular bodies?What about friends? And long terms friendships?What about time, and having time for oneself? And in a family?What do you think about having children? How’s raising a family? And parenting? What are the biggest challenges?What do you tell yourself in the mirror? How do you feel about yourself? What are the biggest topics you are talking negatively about yourself?What about making art? How’s making art? What about healing? And about having boundaries?What does it mean to be spiritual?Why does it mean to be a mother? And a father? And a son? And a daughter?What beliefs you hold about healing? It takes ages?And about miracles?What if you'd win the lottery?What does luck mean? Can you be lucky?What is my dear about writing healing journeys for people? Letting them know what I see?What about selling them healing?What's bad about giving people advice? Prescriptions?How can I tell people where can they amellorate their suffering? Release pain? What's bad about having a spiritual business?What does self care mean?And yoga?What am rushing for? What's the relationship with self care? Do in have time?What's my opinion worth? And leadership? Can I be trusted? Where I can't be trusted? What did I do to deserve distrust? Where did I let people down where I could have acted way better?What's hot? What am I supposed to be?What's about looking Asses?What would I be doing instead? How would that work?What happens to people who is liked? What happens to good leaders? Who was before you that?What does it mean to be happy?What about self care? And what about having time to work on oneself?What did I do yesterday? How do I want to spend that time instead? How would I prefer to schedule for tomorrow?• 10 Minutes of 'Doing' Allowing the body to tell you what to move and how to express• I exercise 1h• Take 10min to meditate• Watch 20 min of masculine mastery per day• 1 medical intuitive meditation per dayWhat would I like to tell my angels and guides about the current situation? And to bufo?How would you change things if Nina was your wife?