Things I'd love to doOR not loveBut they dilute the ilusión of what love is and my true dreams and desiresTO make love with my partner a d have someone else hold space for us, to create sacred sexual space, to hold space for others, to love make other women, my wife to love make other man, to have a 4 some, to full feel the pain of the fear of my partner life and lover to be able to leave with someone elseTo make amends with lyra, with alice, to forgive Ben and others for what they were able to give,To make love to mysf, feel fill up myself, to break free from past and Conditionind, to heal, to apologise to sasha, to apologise to myself for not taking her offers for singingI'm sorry I wasn't aware of what I was doingI love my wife my life partner and sacred union Feel ourself like ally Tell ally I'm here for her and it has to be in a healibg space id love to receive as much as give so she can give what she wants but I definitely have to share with herAnd mc, sorry for laia, laia sorry,plesse forgive me, I'd love u to have a great life, I would love to know about ur kids, see how u transformed since then and honor our times,apologide for the mdma and making u forget, for healing our relationship, transforming the past. I have to write about everything that comes. Laia it was intense, and I wish u have learnt from it, and I'm sorry for not having been there to heal u I'm sorry iaia for not healinh uFor not bwi g good enough My catalán grandma hurt me bad She told me I was a bad boy many times and I. A way the sex trauma comes from her and it, she was there, she let it be, I am family Constellstions, I am sorry, can be there,that was hard, I was hurt, sorry, incapacitated, bufo, lee, nina I love u, I am sorry I made us go through that, there's sth I have to get in returnAlice I'm so apologetic for that, was OK, but not good, and I wanted to leave, for the first and only timeI wanted to cheat Same for ronja and worse I rapes her real goodAnd then forgot for aliceAlly can u please hold me and tell me things will be f I ne? This is what u needed and Nina was good at giving, but I felt the sex a d I'm so sorry I have been filling up abandonment issues with daddy ducker abuserDad u went far u scared shit of meNever been good enough for u Therefor my coldnessLove uThanks Dad fuck meHe screwed, u dint say that, I took it as aEdipoMy mum didn't fuck me and I fucked my dad made the relationship hard in orderThey didn't see meI'm sorry babyU were a beautiful child and angel diedAngel is awareHe loves uWhat am I afraid he's gonna say? Christian repression and repercussionBurningNina I would love to make love to my partner and mother with another women and DearmoringWould like that Fwsr of loving someone elseAlice what's up? Sorry I haven't been able to hold our calls,I can hear now.Please tell me and know u are in my lifeLyra loves uI'm sorry I fucked u upI didn't mean itI was afraidAnd somewjere u knew and participated the same wayThank uThe mdma was amazing and it was harsh, and I'm grateful for what j offered meA d I wish uf have love and peaceJust not with meLet you goLove uI forgive I can't express how bad I felt for acting the way I didI let u beFuck so bad, u let it happen as u participated I don't wish things were different,5 I mean, I still feel things for u, but they are mostly remorse and memories about when we made loveMI wish u make a child and become happyLove uThanks---Olena wtfU kicked meOut of my relationship Marcos u love herHave your lifeBehaving as u doThe only thk g I'd do and I wish we hadn't would be to heal with olena, sorry for that MadaraI meanWth Olena wtf OK byeLove uByeHoirrjble person, if u loveI wasn't aware, I was asleep, I was Confused, then marcos triggered my full spiritual awakeningWhat can I do now?Talk to professionals,get support. Bufo made me who I am. To seeI've got to heal people serve the medicineBe good for myselfOtherwise what's left? My mother, my father, my sister, I'm not themWhat is my purpose?Richard ruddReturn to your practice, heal, make a prayer of Richard rudd, make some moving practice, I'm sorry I wanted to do that with the French lady, I'm sorry I wasn't clear In classI wish we'd have more of that experience, now, I want u ti be your child, be ur self, I have to learn to love the non sexual uOffer uLoveHonor uI'm here nowThanksRam dasHow do I deal with itHow can I commercialise thisI can't It's too muchKm going to dieI'm so full of.yself When I die I will be because I am, choosing I like what I have, I speak the language others desire, what do I offer? Speak for ur heart, to ur mother, and then to ur father, forgive, listen to alice, forguve# forgive azahar, I am here to love others, no matter why, my partner will support u,whatever tbe path  I take, she will be hereI have to figure out the flat in Gavà, I have to check on mdma use and the Have a threesome with Nina and another woman with plenty of Let go of the past. Be bufoBe Italian.Move to other placesOffer healing 1:1 to men and women, say u hold the healing skill of healing with loveFind a tantric practitioner, go with NinaLearn to make loveAsk sharin to teach uNowSorry Thanks.love uBreak up with your wife to be again single as u never not are single - or make amends for that breakup - tell people, Sharin, what's been going on and that u feel her as a teacher or mentor, but don't have much understanding how to make sacred space, love, opening ceremonies, teach u how to hold sacred spaces and ceremonies better, and ask to honor her, tell her I feel her, what she is feeling, and should we create sth together any time, or can we visit, receive healing there, ayahuasca? Or I love you, thank you grandmother, granfsther, the elementd, relation ships to the the plants, Make groups again, astral Integration Healing ceremonies Tuesday? Why not? Any day that works best.Mske a Apologise for not Masturbstiin is stopping your runningBecauseCovidTomHeal that Tell him hey its been a while I would love to hear and see ur boyMaybe in summer we can go hikeLet's plan Let's bring medicine Let's do a Lluc I'm so gratefulApologies I was a big coward and didn't face itI'm.goodLove my wife I wanted to offer sth in return, can II would love to offer u medicine someday, maybe we're friends, apologies, we're friends, can we chat I am sorry bufoIf u may U can goOtherwiseI'll be bestLove uNina would u like to marry meThis is it. Why would I do that? Do I event want to? What does it mean? Am I going to make it if we make it?I would love to hold uIn my armsAnd tell u how aIncredibly amazing j areBeautifulPlease Let me be your husband I'm sorry I took u for granted I can forgiveI love uI would enjoy having more of that, more medicine, I would love to healI'm afraid, I can gk through itI'm afraid what will be different Maybe nothing is changedMaybe ull get to decide easier I would love toIona please I'm sorry, I wasn't ready, been giving a lot of, I tota y abused u, I wish ud understand, I loved u, I healed, I'm not sure u ve done How can I take care of all humans?Sangat,Group Mentorship,Monthly payments Alice I'm sorry I didn't mean to but I did violate u and I did that, I  wish u u derdrsnd, my family was suffering, I felt abused by you, I was t ready to let u go, u enjoyed it, I wish we'd not have a baby together, I'm good, if u like,we can see each other That was karlyn, she was a manipulator She made us that I wish I'd have had no sex with her OR sashaI wish I did love sasha moreI was afraidI didn't need bufoI was afraid of loving receivers, they didn't deserve itI so much abused myself, the weed, the Gurmukh, and Lluc, all for what? I feared I'd have sex with sasha. What was that and what's still relevant? IfI don't love uI love someone elseThanks Alicia (french) thanks, that was amazing, healing, Reiki teaching, but if you would like I could heal u further, sorry for that ceremony, I wasI'm amazingI did wellHealing ceremonyNinaShroomsFlyingHow was this called?Healing with ancestors Family constellation healing Every Wednesday or any other day that works Different than 1:1 MentorshipAllyNatasha WtfSorryI wasn't myself, and I wasn't truthful, I wanted to hurt myself and told u sex things, u had engaged, all of that was, uuI was notMake money with offering healing I'm hurt, that training,oh OK I seeRemarkable Ai app to organiseOrganiseCall ur mum every ThursdayShower every 2 daysBrush ur teethBe thereIt'll passIt'll go awayTrauma Land owner healingMediumTerrorI wasn't aware how much pain it lifted and I'm sorryI will trrdt myselfMen's groupParenthoodGroupI'm sorry I can't be ur therapist sisterI can hold space if u shareHow are u?