NOTESCommunity Forums and Groups: Enable users to join and participate in various discussion groups based on specific interests, such as sustainable living, community building, spiritual practices, or holistic entrepreneurship. -&gt allow connections for people to build and get support on what they are doing -&gt reward with tokensCollaboration Board: A board for members to post or find collaboration opportunities, such as co-hosting retreats, developing joint ventures, or sharing spaces.Mentorship Program: Pair experienced community members or experts with new members looking for guidance in their spiritual or business journeys.Co-Creation Spaces: Virtual spaces where members can work together on projects, share ideas, and build connections.Freemium Model: Offer basic features for free and advanced features (like premium resources, exclusive workshops, or promotion tools) for a subscription fee. -&gtenergy of the day, support, etc -&gt then evolve to mentorship, group coaching, 1:1 programs etcCommission on Services: Charge a commission on transactions within the marketplace (e.g., booking services, renting spaces). -&gt that’s goodSponsored Content and Ads: Allow select sponsorships from aligned brands or organizations to advertise on the platform. -&gt sponsored content goodyour all to one spiritual entrepreneurship app——&gt&gt&gt&gt&gt&gt&gt• Access to the social media platform, daily energy updates, basic content resources, and community engagement features. &amp directory of practitioners, community events, services, etc!!!!!!maybe there is a mobile app for social events and social media platform etc and the business behind for entrepreneurs? does all need to go through the app for coaching, and support system?Personalized Coaching: Members receive guidance from spiritual coaches, mentors, or “account managers” who provide personalized advice, track progress, and assign exercises. -&gt maybe is not group calls? maybe is articles, videos, resources, ‘small content drip’ with some text based sessions with your coach or team? forums with a group of people working on the same intention? we could have 3 intentions, business, healing, and intuition?• Group Support Sessions: Weekly or monthly group calls, workshops, or group assignments where members can learn, share, and grow together. -&gt live in the app like insight timer or more like here is your zoom link, and also group calls with your team?• Priority Support: Direct access to customer support and community managers.and what if its a credit system? no tokens? what about the dao? is it not a decentralised? is it a closed team? we all make decisions within the team? we dont allow others like albane to contribute? do we use loomio? is it open?notion page with meeting notes, votes proposals, decisions, actions, etc, all in one database, so all actions are built (almost like a soa arquitecture or on chain) - are they all need to be in one db?use zoom and transcribe with otter.ai or something similar for meetings and store video and transcript and summary by AI